Update date April 27, 2022
MoMoChat app is a one-to-one video chat service product. MoMoChat regards user information security and privacy protection as its own “lifeline”. We are adhering to the concept of “ all based on user value ”, we are committed to improving the transparency of information processing and enhancing your information The convenience of management guarantees the safety of your information and communication. 
MoMoChat strictly abides by laws and regulations and follows the following privacy protection principles to provide you with more secure and reliable services: 
[Safe and reliable]
We make every effort to prevent your information from being leaked, damaged, or lost through reasonable and effective information security technology and management processes. 
[self-selection]
We provide you with convenient information management options so that you can make appropriate choices and manage your personal information. 
[Protection of Communication Secrets]
We strictly abide by laws and regulations to protect your communication secrets and provide you with secure communication services. 
[reasonably necessary]
In order to provide you and other users with better services, we only collect necessary information. 
[clear and transparent]
We strive to use simple and easy-to-understand statements to introduce you to the privacy policy so that you can clearly understand how we handle information. 
[Integrate privacy protection into product design]
In all aspects of product or service development, we integrate laws, products, design and other factors into the concept of privacy protection.

This "Privacy Policy" mainly explains to you: 
1. The information we collect
2. How do we use the collected information
3. How do we Use Cookies and related technologies
Four、 the information you share
5. How do you manage your own information 
VI. Information we share
Seven, the information we may send you
Eight , the location and period of information storage
Nine, information security li>
X. Protection of minors
11. Scope of application
12. Contact us
13. Change
I hope you carefully read the "Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as “this policy”) , To learn more about how we collect and use information, so that you can better understand our services and make appropriate choices. 
If you use the MoMoChat service, it means that you agree with our content in this policy. 
If you have any questions, please contact us. 

1. Information we collect
According to the principles of lawfulness, fairness and necessity, we only collect the information necessary to realize the function of the product; we will collect the information you actively provide when you use the service in the following ways, and collect the information you are using by automated means Information generated in the process of function or receiving service:
(1) Registration, login, upload information, device information, other information 
1, register, log in
(1) When you register and log in to MoMoChat and related services, you can create an account through your mobile phone number. And you can complete MoMoChat-related account information (for example: avatar, nickname, mobile phone number, password). The collection of this information is to help you complete the registration and subsequent login use. You can also choose to fill in gender, birthday, constellation, city and personal signature according to your own needs to complete your profile information.
(2) You can also log in with a third-party account and use MoMoChat, you will authorize us to obtain your The public information (avatar, nickname, and other information authorized by you) registered on the third-party platform is used to bind MoMoChat, so that you can log in and use this product and related services directly.
(3) When you log in to MoMoChat with a third-party account, with your consent, we may share Nickname, avatar, and other information authorized by you.
(4) When you use the MoMoChatAPP In some specific scenarios: to authenticate the anchor, you need to provide us with your real name and ID number information. In addition, we will conduct live facial authentication and voiceprint information for you to verify your identity and complete the real-name authentication service. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use products or services in such specific scenarios;
2, upload information
The information you upload when you use the service. For example, you are using MoMoChat, uploaded avatars, shared photos and videos
Special reminder: If you are in MoMoChatApp, during the upload process, your personal information is included, Especially for sensitive personal information such as facial recognition information and voiceprint information, please ensure that you have obtained the authorization and consent of the personal information subject. 
3, device information
In order to make the necessary adaptation of MoMoChatApp with your mobile device, to provide you with a safe and reliable Products and use environment to ensure the safe operation of MoMoChatApp. When you use MoMoChatApp, according to the specific permissions granted by you during software installation and use, we will collect your device model, device identification code (  including |MEl/AndroidID/IDFA/IDFV/OPENUDID/GUID/OAID/SN ID/MEID, advertising ID, SIM card phone number, IMSI, ICCID) , software list, device operation Status information, system version, MCC, MNC, Mac address information< span class="s3">( Including mobile phone Mac address and Bluetooth Mac address), device sensor information. The purpose of collecting this information is to help us conduct bug analysis, anti-cheating, anti-fraud, and other security protection work to ensure that you use this product and /< /span> or serve, improve and optimize our product experience, and protect your account security. At the same time, unless otherwise expressly agreed in this policy, we will not provide your device information to any third party, but we cannot guarantee that other third parties will not obtain your device information through other means and compare your device information with other If the information is combined to identify your personal identity, if any loss is caused to you, you should claim compensation from the third party. The above device information is the basic information collected to provide services. If you do not want to collect the above device information by us, it may cause us to be unable to provide you with normal services.
4, other information
(1) The information you submit through our customer service or when you participate in events organized by us.
(2) For example, the questionnaire you fill out when you participate in our online activities may contain your name, phone number, home address and other information. 
(3) Some of our services may require youProvide specific personal sensitive information to achieve specific functions. If you choose not to provide this type of information, you may not be able to use certain functions in the service normally, but it will not affect your use of other functions in the service. If you take the initiative to provide your sensitive personal information, it means that you agree that we will process your sensitive personal information in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this policy. 
(2) Log information
1, log
In order to ensure the standardization of your use and add more content that interests you, MoMoChat may collect relevant and necessary log information.
(1) The behavior log you use:
Click, browse, follow, favorite, search, share.
(2) Your proactive information log:
Like, comment, feedback.
(3) Device log:
Information such as device model, operating system version, unique device identifier, battery, signal strength, etc.
(4) Software log:
The version number and browser type of the software. In order to ensure the safety of the operating environment or provide services, we will collect information about the mobile applications and other software you use.
(5) Service log:
The information you searched for and viewed when using our services, service failure information, referral URLs and other information
(6) Communication log:
The account, communication time and length of communication you have communicated with when using our services.
2.Location log
When you use location-related services, we may record the location information of your device in order to provide you with related services.
(1) When you use the service, we may pass the IP address, GPS, WLAN (such as WiFi) or base station to obtain your geographic location information.
(2)GPS geographic location is sensitive personal information. If you refuse to provide it, we will GPS information will not be read, and will not affect the normal use of other functions of MoMoChat.
(3) The information provided by you or other users when using the service may include your geographic location information, such as the account information you provide It may contain information about your area, and geotag information contained in photos shared by you or others.
3,MoMoChatAppAll Called system permissions
As mentioned above, in order to provide you with MoMoChat products and / or services, we may need to use your device The system authority (not including the authority called by the connected third party) to collect relevant personal information. Although we have covered it in the previous chapters, this section will summarize all system permissions used by MoMoChatApp to facilitate You present it more systematically, completely and transparently. You can choose whether to authorize us to use the relevant permissions of your device. If you do not authorize us to use the relevant permissions, some services may be unavailable, but it will not affect your use of MoMoChatApp other functions.
Android operating system application permission list
1.ReadSDCard content (read storage space/Photo permission)android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
• Permission function description: " provides the function of reading data in the storage space of the phone< span class="s3">"
• Use scenario and purpose: " allows App Read pictures, files and other contents in the storage, mainly used to help you publish information, upload pictures and files such as avatars, and record crash log information locally."
 
2."Write/DeleteSDIn the card The content of (write/delete/storage space/photo permissions) "android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
• Permission function description: " Provides writing to external storage function"
• Use scenario and purpose: " allows App Write/Download/Save/Cache/Modify/Delete pictures, files, crash logs and other information"
 
3.Read phone status and identity (phone permission, device permission)android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
• Permission function description: Provides information such as reading mobile phone device identification, please rest assured that this permission cannot monitor or obtain any of your call content and Information
• Use scenario and purpose: read the device's call status and identification code, identify the deviceID, used to complete the main functions of audio and video, information display, account login, security protection, etc.
 
4.Access general geographic location information android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
• Permission function description: " through network location information (such as base station and WLAN) Get approximate geographic location information"
• Use scenario and purpose: " is used to complete security services and based on geographic location Services (LBS) such as: intra-city information, publishing works coordinate positioning in order to use related location services and other related functions" p>
 
5.Access precise geographic location information android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
• Permission function description: through global positioning system (GPS) or network location information ( Such as base station and WLAN) to obtain accurate geographic location information
• Usage scenarios and purposes: used to complete security services and geographic location-based services (LBS< /span>) Such as: intra-city information, coordinate positioning of published works in order to use relevant location services and other related functions"
 
6.Recording android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
• Permission function description: Use microphone to record audio
• Use scenarios and purposes: to help you complete audio and video messagesInformation publishing and other related functions that require the use of this permission
 
7.Taking photos and videos android.permission.CAMERA
• Permission function description: use to take photos and videos
• Use scenario and purpose: used to realize photo shooting and video recording functions, and to collect and identify the shooting or recording during the realization of the above functions Pictures and video information. If you decline the authorization, the aforementioned functions will not be available.
 
8.Message notification permission android.permission.NOTIFICATION
• Permission function description: use notification permissions
• Use scenario and purpose: When you agree to enable this permission, we will push messages for you so that you can receive and understand in time Our notice. If you refuse this authorization, you will not be able to receive the news that we push for you.
 
4, consumption record information
When you use the third-party payment function provided by this product to recharge and consume, we will use your mobile phone to save your recharge, consumption record information, order information, and reconciliation information to confirm your Payment instructions and help you complete the payment, at the same time, such information will also serve as your proof of recharge and consumption. 
5, the information shared by other users contains your information 
Other users’ photos or shared videos may contain your information. 
6, information obtained from third-party partners
    We may obtain information generated or shared when you use third-party partner services. For example, when you use MoMoChat to log in to a third-party partner service, we will obtain your login name and login time for the third-party partner service to facilitate your authorization management. Please read carefully the user agreement or privacy policy of the third-party partner service. Regarding the identity of the third-party partner, the type and purpose of the information we obtain, please refer to Appendix 1 of this policy. &ldquo ;Query a list of personal information obtained from third parties”.

Two. How do we use the collected information
We strictly abide by laws and regulations and agreements with users, and use the collected information for the following purposes. If we use your information beyond the following purposes, we will explain to you again and obtain your consent.
(1) Provide you with services
We collect and integrate information and show it to you in different ways to better provide you with quality services.
1, information release
(1) When you post audio, video, pictures and other content or make comments, we will collect the information you post and display your nickname, Avatar, post content and information. 
(2) When you use the function of publishing pictures, audio and video, we will ask you to authorize camera, photo, and microphone permissions. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your normal use of MoMoChat's other functions. 
2, interactive communication 
(1) when you follow the account, browse, comment, follow When, bookmarking, liking or sharing, we will collect the accounts you follow and the aforementioned information, and display the content posted by the accounts you follow. 
(2)You can add or delete friends in MoMoChat. To help you achieve this function, we create a list of friends . The buddy list is necessary information for establishing and managing buddy relations.
(3) Search
When you use MoMoChat’s search service, we will collect your search keyword information and log records. In order to provide an efficient search service, some of the aforementioned information will be temporarily stored in your local storage device, and can show you the content of search results and search history. 
(4) Product development and service optimization
When our system fails, we will record and analyze the information generated when the system fails to optimize our services.
(5) Security Guarantee
We will use your information for identity verification, security prevention, anti-fraud monitoring, archive backup, customer security services, and other purposes. For example, the security software you download or install will detect malicious programs or viruses, or identify fraudulent information for you. 
(6) Management software
Perform software certification, software upgrades, etc. 
(7) Invite you to participate in surveys about our services
    In order to allow you to have a better experience, improve our services or other uses agreed to by you, subject to relevant laws and regulations, We may use the information collected through certain services for our other services. For example, use your information when you use one of our services to show you personalized content or advertisements in another service, to use it for user research, analysis and statistics and other services.

3. How do we useCookies strong>and related technologies
    span>We or our third-party partners may collect your information by placing secure Cookie and related technologies in order to provide you with more personalized user experience and services . We will strictly require third-party partners to comply with the relevant provisions of this policy. 
You can also manage Cookies through your browser settings. However, please note that if you disable Cookie, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience, and some services may not work properly. 

4. Information you share
    You can share your relevant information with your friends, family and other users through our service. For example, a video you shared publicly in a small video. Please note that this may contain sensitive information such as your personally identifiable information and personal property information. Please carefully consider disclosing your relevant personal sensitive information. 
    You can control your sharing of information through the privacy settings in our service You can also delete your publicly shared information through the settings in the service or the guidelines provided by us. However, please note that this information may still be stored independently by other users or unaffiliated third parties that are not under our control. 

5. How do you manage your information
(1) You can access, modify and delete the registration information and other personal information you provide while using our services, and you can also contact us in accordance with the notification guidelines. The scope and method of your access, modification and deletion of personal information will depend on the specific services you use. For example, if you want to stop sharing your geographic location information when using geographic location-related services, you can stop sharing via the mobile location shutdown function, software and hardware service providers, and communication service providers' shutdown methods. It is recommended that you read the relevant guidelines carefully. . 
(2) We will collect and use your information only to realize the functions of our products or services in accordance with this policy . If you find that we have collected and used your personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations, or agreed by both parties, you can ask us to delete it. If you find that your personal information we have collected and stored is wrong, you can also ask us to correct it. Please contact us through the contact information listed in this policy. 
(3) When you access, modify, or delete related information, we may require you to verify your identity to protect your account’s Safety.
(4) To manage your bound third-party account, please note that after you cancel the authorization of the third-party product or service, you may not be able to use the canceled authorization MoMoChat account to log in to the third-party product or service again; if you need to log in, you may need to authorize again.
(5) Related services in the wallet function are provided by us and related parties. When you use wallet-related functions, we and related parties will collect them according to the function or service requirements. Information within the necessary limits. 
(6) The payment function is provided by a third-party payment institution that cooperates with usTo provide you with services. Third-party payment institutions may need to collect your name, bank card type, card number, expiration date, and mobile phone number. Bank card number, expiration date and mobile phone number are sensitive personal information. This information is necessary for payment functions. Refusal to provide this information will cause you to be unable to use this function, but will not affect the normal use of other functions.
(7) Query and modify information
1, you can query and access your avatar, nickname, gender, birthday, constellation, city, personalized signature and MoMoChat number, you can inquire and modify in [My]-[Edit Information].
2, in [My]-[Friends]/[Follow]/[Fans] can query the information list, and enter the list to choose to unfollow the account.
(eight) settings
1, in [My] -【Do Not Disturb】You can prohibit others from calling videos to you.
2, in [My]-[Settings]-【Blacklist】Control whether others can communicate with you and whether they can interact with you.
(9) Account cancellation
You can contact our platform to cancel your account through the customer service staff. You know and understand that canceling your account is irreversible. After you cancel your account, we will delete relevant information about you or make it anonymous Chemical treatment, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
(Ten) If you think your rights and interests may be infringed, or the content of other people’s behavior does not comply with the platform regulations, you can give us feedback through [Report], which is required Detailed reasons. We will deal with it promptly after verification.
Six. Information we share
    < /span> We strictly restrict the sharing of information in compliance with laws and regulations, for example: 
(1)With your prior consent, we may share your personal information with third parties. 
(2) Only for the purpose of external processing, we may share your personal information with third-party partners so that they Follow our instructions, privacy policy, and other relevant confidentiality and security measures to process the above information for us, and use it for the following purposes: 
    1, to provide you with our services; 
    2, to achieve the purposes described in the “how we use the collected information”;
3, fulfill our obligations in this policy and exercise our rights;
4, understand, maintain and improve our services. 
    If we share your information with the aforementioned third parties, we will Encryption, anonymization and other means are used to ensure the security of your information. 
(3) With the continuous development of our business, when mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers and other transactions occur that lead to sharing you with third parties We will inform you of the relevant situation through push notifications, announcements, etc., and continue to protect or require new managers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and standards not lower than the requirements of this policy. 
(4) We will use the collected information for big data analysis. For example, we use the collected information to analyze and form a city heat map or industry insight report that does not contain any personal information. We may publicly disclose and share with our partners information that does not contain identification content after statistical processing, so as to understand how users use our services or to let the public understand the general usage trends of our services.
For the identity of third-party partners, please refer to Appendix II of this policy for details“List of third-party partners’ collection of personal information”, if you refuse our supplier to provide The collection of personal information necessary to provide the service during the service may cause you to not be able to enjoy the corresponding service. 
(5) We may disclose your personal information for the following purposes: 
< span class="Apple-converted-space">    1, comply with applicable laws and regulations and other relevant regulations;
    2, comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures; 
    3, comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or other legally authorized organizations; 
    4, we have reason to believe that we need to comply with laws and regulations and other relevant regulations; 
    5, to implement related service agreements or this policy, to safeguard the public interest, to protect our customers, us or our affiliates, and other The personal and property safety of users or employees or other legitimate rights and interests are reasonable and necessary. 

7. Information we may send you
(1) Information push
    When you use our services, we may send you emails, text messages, news or push notifications. You can choose not to receive message push in [My]-[Settings]-[Message Push] to set up. At the same time, because of the difference of various models, you can also directly contact us through the MoMoChat Service, and we will manually guide you to unsubscribe. 
(2) Service-related announcements
    We may issue service-related announcements to you when necessary (for example, when a service is suspended due to system maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these service-related announcements that are not advertisements in nature. 
8. Location and period of information storage
(1) Where to store information
We abide by laws and regulations and store the personal information of users collected in China. 
(2) Period of information storage
    Generally speaking, we only retain your personal information for the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose. However, in the following cases, we may change the storage time of personal information due to legal requirements: 
    1, in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations and other relevant regulations; 
    span>2, to comply with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures;
3. To comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or legally authorized organizations;
4. We have reason to believe that we need to comply with laws and regulations and other relevant regulations;
5, to implement related service agreements or this policy, to safeguard the public interest, to protect our customers, us or our affiliates, other Uses reasonably necessary for the personal and property safety of users or employees or other legitimate rights and interests. 

9. Information Security
    We provide your information with corresponding security guarantees to prevent information loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure. 
(1) We strictly abide by laws and regulations to protect the confidentiality of users’ communications. 
(2) We will use various security protection measures within a reasonable security level to ensure the security of information. For example, we use encryption technology (e.g., TLS, SSL), anonymization and other means to protect your personal information. 
(3) We have established a special management system, process and organization to ensure information security. For example, we strictly limit the scope of people who can access information, require them to observe confidentiality obligations and conduct audits. 
(4) In the event of a personal information leak and other security incidents, we will activate emergency plans to prevent the expansion of security incidents and use push notifications , Announcements and other forms to inform you. 

10. Protection of minors
< strong>(1) We attach great importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. According to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under the age of 18, before using MoMoChat’s services, you should obtain your The consent of the parent or legal guardian. If you are the guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the personal information of the minor you are guarding, please contact us through the contact information in Part 12.
11. Scope of application
(1) All our services This policy applies. However, some services have their specific privacy guidelines / statement. The specific privacy guidelines / statement more specifically states that we are How to handle your information in the service. If there is any inconsistency between this policy and the privacy guideline / statement of a specific service, please refer to the specific privacy guideline / statement. . 
(2) Please note that this policy does not apply to services provided by other companies or individuals. For example, you log in to services provided by other companies or individuals by using your MoMoChat account. 
(3) Your use of these third-party services is subject to their privacy policies (not this policy), and you need to read them carefully Its policy content. 

12. Contact us
    If you have complaints, suggestions, or questions about the protection of personal information, you can send the problem to the QQ job number 1478387649 . 
    We will review the issue as soon as possible and verify your user Respond within fifteen working days after identification. 

13. Changes
    We may revise the content of this policy in due course. If such changes will result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this policy, we will notify you by prompting in a prominent position on the page, sending you an email, etc., before the changes take effect. In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised policy. 
